feat(curriculum): adding superhero application form (React forms) workshop (#59543)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-react-forms/67ebc1d57b0d863821af8ef2.md

---
id: 67ebc1d57b0d863821af8ef2
title: Step 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> Now, you will notice you can't type in the `input`. That's because you have to account for `setHeroName` setter variable too.
> 
> To do that, use the `onChange` event to update `heroName` with the `input` value by using `setHeroName(e.target.value)`. This should be done in one line with an arrow syntax.

Reviewer: We should update this to instead point to the warning logged in the console. That would be a nice lead into the `onChange`. Also the last sentence mentions the arrow function but doesn't mention that you need to pass in `e` for the parameter.

<img width="616" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-17 at 1 22 29 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d7772f1-438d-4fe7-ab8c-aa5d4ccddf35" />

```suggestion
Now, you will notice you can't type in the `input`. If you open up the console you will see a warning. 

To remove the warning, you will need to use the `onChange` event to update `heroName`. The value for the `onChange` event should be an arrow function with `e` for the parameter. The arrow function should implicitly return `setHeroName(e.target.value)`.
```

# --hints--

You should use the `onChange` event to set the value of the `heroName` state variable so you can type in the input field.

```js

> assert.match(code, /onChange=\{\(?e\)?\s*=>\s*setHeroName\(e\.target\.value\)\}/)

Reviewer: I think naomi had another way to test this. I would look at her PR to see if we can reuse that logic

Reviewer: https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/59018/files#diff-835eb2237a7510cb5a35c2cb986d012edca80aa4328b82e9c20923eb5e8e560f

Author: Discovered I still have to use regex to check for what's inside the onChange
